config: better defaults for querier max concurrency (#10785)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/setup/upgrade/_index.md

#### Deprecated configuration options are removed

1. Removes already deprecated `-querier.engine.timeout` CLI flag and the corresponding YAML setting. 
1. Also removes the `query_timeout` from the querier YAML section. Instead of configuring `query_timeout` under `querier`, you now configure it in [Limits Config](/docs/loki/latest/configuration/#limits_config).
1. `s3.sse-encryption` is removed. AWS now defaults encryption of all buckets to SSE-S3. Use `sse.type` to set SSE type. 
1. `ruler.wal-cleaer.period` is removed. Use `ruler.wal-cleaner.period` instead.
1. `experimental.ruler.enable-api` is removed. Use `ruler.enable-api` instead.
1. `split_queries_by_interval` is removed from `query_range` YAML section. You can instead configure it in [Limits Config](/docs/loki/latest/configuration/#limits_config).
1. `frontend.forward-headers-list` CLI flag and its corresponding YAML setting are removed.
1. `frontend.cache-split-interval` CLI flag is removed. Results caching interval is now determined by `querier.split-queries-by-interval`.

> 1. `querier.worker-parallelism` CLI flag and its corresponding yaml setting are now removed.
>     It's removed as it does not offer additional value to already existing `querier.max-concurrent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `querier.worker-parallelism` CLI flag and its corresponding yaml setting are now removed as it does not offer additional value to already existing `querier.max-concurrent`.
```

#### Changes to default configuration values

> 1. `querier.max-concurrent` now defaults to 4. Consider increasing this if queriers have access to more cpu resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `querier.max-concurrent` now defaults to 4. Consider increasing this if queriers have access to more CPU resources.
```

>     Do note that you risk running into OOMs if you set this to a very high value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that you risk running into out of memory errors if you set this to a very high value.
```
